( Watch on Kissasia.vip & KonFlix.vip )
(Azure Spring)
(All characters, places, events, etc. depicted are fictional.)
(Children and animals were filmed under strict guidelines.)
And they're off!
A nice, clean entry by Han Ye Gyeong from Korea.
She's now above the surface...
and begins her freestyle stroke.
She's got a smooth arm rotation and a steady rhythm.
She's already approaching the turn.
And she turns!
Excellent! A perfect touch on the wall...
and a seamless turn.
She accelerates again effortlessly.
Now, heading for the final 10m push.
Han Ye Gyeong!
And she touches! She comes in first!
She wins a gold medal!
It's an unbelievable moment.
Korean women's swimming finally captures another gold.
A new dark horse emerges!
Han Ye Gyeong finally did it!
Thank you for watching. We're proud of you, Han!
We have now entered Han Ye Gyeong's era!
(Han Ye Gyeong debuts with a gold medal)
Dreams do come true.
(Han Ye Gyeong Breaks South Korean Women's Swimming Record)
But of course,
it's not necessarily mine.
"Beautiful waves."
That's what the name Parang-ri means.
It's famous for its sun glitter,
even in Namhae, where islands are abundant.
It's a remote town across the sea, an hour by boat from Tongyeong...
where the mainland ends.
This is...
my hometown.
That was rough.
It's been five years already.
Why is this place so clean?
I won't have to clean out the whole place.
My mom never used the iron cauldron.
She spent the whole day hauling in dozens of seafood,
so she dreaded the idea of coming home...
and having to lift the heavy cauldron...
to wash and cook.
But once a year, on my birthday,
she'd throw in lots of sea mustard she harvested on that day...
into this cauldron to make me soup.
How odd.
I return home after so long,
and of all things, I'm making seaweed soup in this very cauldron.
Seo An Na,
happy birthday.
It may not be such a bad idea...
to live in hiding like this.
He's that kid.
I mentioned him to you once before.
Come on.
(Parang-ri Fishing Cooperative, Community Center)
Where is it?
Here. Look.
Good job today.
There's a kid looking for a place to stay.
Can I rent out your mother's place?
(Parang-ri Village Chief)
Let him live there for free.
It's empty, anyway. It'd be nice to keep a person around.
(Parang-ri Village Chief)
(It'd be nice to keep a person around.)
See?
Are you staying for long, An Na?
Did you quit swimming?
What do you mean? I haven't quit.
Why are you getting mad at me?
If you're hanging out for a few days, you two can stay together.
It's not the Joseon era anymore,
and you have lots of rooms.
Chief.
He's not a scary guy.
That's a cold stare.
Anyway, you young ones...
should talk it out and reach an agreement.
How nice. You look good together.
Something is about to happen, don't you think?
Since it's come to this,
let's live together and make it work.
Mr. Tenant, you can use the guest room, and I, the back room.
We just won't bother each other.
We'll pretend like we don't hear each other's calls,
and we won't watch what each other eats.
We may live together, but it'll be like we're alone.
Any thoughts, Mr. Tenant?
Hey, why aren't you saying anything?
Are you willing to cooperate or not?
Will you be staying for a while?
Why are you and the chief asking the same thing?
Why do you need to know how long I'm staying?
I'm staying for a very long time,
until the day I die.
I hope you do.
Did he completely disregard me?
Hey! You!
Hey!
An Na!
It's you, right?
Who are you?
It really is you!
Parang-ri Mermaid, Seo An Na!
It's been so long!
Merm... What?
Do you recognise me?
It's me, Parang-ri Trot Goddess,
Baek Su Jeong.
Oh my, oh my, don't do this
Women's feelings are quite fickle
No, don't do this, and don't ask
You can't ask for more from me
Today is the first time I met you
Parang-ri Trot Goddess is performing,
so how dare you try to run away?
Sorry.
I have to go to my swim practice.
I can't stop Parang Mermaid from her swim practice.
Have a good practice. Keep it up!
Okay. Bye.
Now, focus. I'm starting over.
Oh my, oh my, don't do this
Gosh. I'm done.
I'm done living alone.
As they say, a singer's voice is what defines her.
You remembered right away as soon as you heard me sing.
I knew that'd be the case.
And I'm done living a quiet life.
Anyway,
I thought you became a swimmer in Seoul.
Why did you suddenly return?
Well, the thing is...
Actually, the Parang-ri Mermaid who left...
to become a swimmer in Seoul...
Hey, there.
You've been looking exhausted lately.
Your boyfriend must be a stunner at night.
- What? - Your boyfriend must be pretty intense.
Keep cleaning up.
Mermaid, my foot.
I was no longer...
the Parang-ri Mermaid.
Hey, stop. Right there. Stay still. Do not move.
Hey, don't move.
You know what?
Your butts are looking great today.
Anyone who passes you by and brushes past those...
will get hard right away.
You punk!
Hey, did you call me a punk?
Yes, I called you a punk. So what, you pervert?
- I'll kill you! - An Na!
I'm letting you off easy today.
Darn it. I've had enough!
I got a nosebleed!
Look at this!
Hey, Seo An Na!
Don't come in starting tomorrow!
You're fired!
It had been a while since I last swam.
I had a job at a swimming pool but got fired.
There's no need to share this story with Su Jeong,
the village bigmouth.
So, why are you here?
Why did you return?
No reason.
- It just felt unfair. - Unfair?
What felt unfair?
Anyway,
about that guy who lives at my place.
You mean my dear Duk Hyun?
Your dear?
Anyway, what does he do?
He's a haenam.
- Haenam? A freediver? - Yes.
He free dives to harvest seafood.
And he makes it look so cool.
Nice job, Duk Hyun!
This place is a bit of a climb,
but the rooms are pretty nice.
Goodness. How nice. This is great.
This place has...
a great view.
His name is Yoon Duk Hyun.
His age, occupation, and past...
Unknown.
One day, he literally...
flew in like the wind...
as a mysterious young man.
Wait a second.
No.
Are you interested in him, too?
"Too"?
Wait, are you into him?
You tell me first.
I thought you were staying only for a few days.
Aren't you going to swim again?
I am. I will do it.
Why are you pestering me, too?
And I'm not interested.
What do you see in that rude guy?
What do you mean, "rude"?
He's a mysterious, young male freediver.
Isn't it almost too sexy?
"Sexy"?
How is that guy sexy?
He's just tanned, that's all.
Hey, you caught a sea bream.
That'll make a delicious soup.
Weren't we going to ignore what each other was eating?
I was just commenting.
Sea breams are delicious when they're made into soup.
I'm just sharing information!
He's sexy, all right.
If you think a tanned jerk is sexy.
What's with him?
I'm in the middle of nowhere,
where food is the only enjoyment available.
Pull yourself together, An Na.
He wouldn't share even if you asked.
Where's your pride?
I know.
(General Store)
How come the general store closes at 7pm?
Why won't you pick up? Did you block my number?
Don't you know that the owner has ties to the association?
(Do Not Answer)
Are you going to quit swimming forever?
That used to glitter so brightly,
but now it's pitch black.
It's so dark I wouldn't even recognise a ghost if I saw one.
Gosh, I'm starving.
Mr. Tenant!
Are you around?
Is he not here?
Excuse me!
You aren't here, are you?
Look how neat he is.
It must be his personality.
Where could he have hidden it?
I knew it. I instinctively know where I can find food.
Sea squirts?
Why did he freeze these delicious things?
He should've mixed it with rice and finished it.
Oh, well, I guess I'll eat these.
(Parang-ri)
Chief, can I steal from your field?
Sure. Go ahead.
A warm clear fish soup...
is the best kind of breakfast that's easy on the stomach.
If the fish used to make the soup is blowfish, it's blowfish soup.
And if it's baby sea bream like I'm using right now,
it becomes sea bream soup.
It's a given that you eat sea squirt when it's freshly caught,
mixed with white rice, lettuce, and sesame oil.
But even after you miss the golden time,
it can still become a delicacy if you turn it into jeon.
When the ingredient doesn't look too promising,
return to rule one of living alone.
Cook it in oil.
Gosh. I should...
return, right?
Does sharing the kitchen include the food?
You startled me.
Well, it seemed like...
you discarded these.
In that case, you would've found it in the trash can, not the fridge.
Don't be so cheap. All I had were leftover fish heads and sea squirts.
Do you think it's easy to harvest sea squirts?
What a show off, just because you can catch some seafood.
I wasn't a bad swimmer myself.
Since it's in the past tense, I guess you don't do it anymore.
Swimming, I mean.
- What? - Or maybe...
you can't.
Hey, what do you know?
I don't know what it is, but make up your mind soon.
On what?
If you decide to settle here...
or only stay for some fresh air and return to whatever you were doing.
Some resent their failures without committing to anything here,
only to leave after bringing the village down.
I've seen many of them.
Oh, right. I'm just sharing information.
An Na!
Why did you quit your part-time job?
You know who that owner is!
How can I not know?
It's the job you went out of your way to find for your girlfriend,
who lost it after training day and night...
out of guilt for never winning a gold medal for her mom...
before she passed away, only to be forced into retiring.
You said he had ties to the association...
and that he'd let me return even after my years of hiatus!
You know very well!
Yet you did something like that?
Do you really want to ruin your life?
How does everyone say...
that my life has been ruined so easily?
I was your coach for nine years...
and boyfriend for three years.
We've known each other for 12 years, An Na.
Right?
Don't you want to swim again?
Do you want to remain the promising swimmer whose career was ruined...
An Na.
This is my last warning.
Drop the suitcase.
Jerks.
Just you wait.
Where did he go?
I didn't know Parang-ri had...
a sea like this one at the back.
Wait. That's...
Make it or break it.
- Goodness, thank you. - Congratulations.
Everyone, be quiet.
Stop eating and focus.
Daehan Sport University's...
star swimmer,
Ye Gyeong will make a toast for us.
- Star swimmer! - Star swimmer!
I'll begin my toast...
with "Make it or break it."
Make it or break it,
- we're still in our youth! - We're still in our youth!
- You all have to chug. - Okay.
- You drink up, too. - This isn't enough.
Drink up.
The next winner had better think of a toast.
"Make it or break it, we're still in our youth."
But that wasn't the kind of youth...
I experienced.
You must make it to enjoy youth.
But when you're ruined,
you're only left with the blues.
That's why it feels unfair to hear that I'm ruined.
Everyone trained fiercely.
No.
I might have been way fiercer.
What do you want?
How did you find me here?
Teach me how to harvest seafood.
What?
Let's just say you threw the fish heads away.
I'll dive and repay your sea squirts.
It was just something I said.
Don't mind it.
Hey!
You don't just say that someone's life is ruined.
I'm a good swimmer.
I was once on the national youth team.
Just teach me how to do it, and I'll harvest...
the sea squirts and repay you.
So...
teach me...
how to dive and harvest.
I'm not ruined.
Parang-ri Mermaid...
still got her game!
Let him live there for free.
You can live here for free.
I see.
But I still want to pay the rent.
Have a great life here.
You can use either the inner room or the guest room.
She looks like a handful.